This is a small Project done to test the feasability of a helper bot to the overwolf app dev community.

*The app contains:*
Bot.py - In-charge of running the bot. Hosted locally at the moment, make sure to run python bot.py in your terminal to launch it.
crawler.py - Crawls to dev.overwolf website (can be switched to any website), and downloads all the text into a json file
chunk.py - In-charge of breaking down the json text into smaller chunks for embedding.
embed.py - In-charge of embedding the chunked json into an SQLite db and order them into FAISS.
qa.py - The brain of the operation. In-charge of searching the documantation, sending to the prompt and retuning an answer.

*Things required to run this code*
1. OpenAI Api Key - used for both embedding and answering questions
2. Discord Token  - used to contact the contact discord, and send messages through the bot.

*How to set up*
1. Create a data folder
2. Create a discord bot and add his DISCORD_TOKEN into the .env file
3. Purchase some credits in OpenAI and add your OPENAI_API_KEY into the .env file
4. Run in the Terminal the following commands in order:
  a. python crawler.py - Will run the crawler file, and extract all of BASE_URL and links into a json file (saved as data/docs.json)
  b. python chunk.py - Will run the chunk file, and it will break down docs.json into a new json broken into smaller chunks (saved as data/docs_chunks.json)
  c. python embed.py - Will embed the chunks json into a SQLite db (data/chunks.db) and FAISS index (data/index.faiss). This might take multiple hours, depending on the size of the json - the speed is rate-limited so you'll be able to use it on any computer. The script will automatically resume from where it left off if interrupted.
5. Run python bot.py - Will login your bot, and let it access your db.

*Important Notes*
- This app is meant to run local - which means the DB is saved in your PC and the bot is running in your PC's background
- This app does not auto updates the DB every time there's a new update to the base_url you've set as input - which means that if the online data base was changed, your bot won't be up to date with the changes.



